TODO.md, before:

> First 5 seconds improvements <
2. Figure out why FPS so bad on mobile
b) Try to make hidpi dynamically turn on
3. Make text font bigger on mobile
a) This is actually an issue of text size on large resolutions
2. Get Chongho's kids to playtest again

> First 60 seconds improvements <
1. Record hit sounds
2. Improve item stats UI panel
3. Add special attacks
4. Make monsters drop a tier 1 sword
5. Make it so you see other players' movement animation

> Bugs <
1. Browser clients see mobs clipping. Clipping only happens when they're over the ground.
2. Bullets stop spawning sometimes
a) I suspect this is reliable UDP packet issue. Settings debug panel will help confirm.

> ok but I wanna fix it <
1. Settings panel
a) Debug tab
i) For client, server FPS and physics FPS (Will require server sending this data every second)
ii) For client, the backpressure the server thinks the client has (Requires server sending this data every second)

> Networking improvements <
1. Move away from all the multiplayer synchronizers and stuff so it stops spamming errors
2. Visibility filter updates
a) This basically will test throttling snapshots. Don't worry about case where lots of people in 1 space for now
2. Set up a TURN relay so people blocked on UDP can connect (add readme instructions)
3. Make it so when you disconnect, you get notified/kicked out of game
b) There should be a UI indication that you've disconnected
4. Make mobs send their movement ahead of time ("move here in 0.5s")
a) pre-req for making mob bullets schedule shoot in 0.5s
5. Make player bullets come from client location
a) Just do a distance check to be sure it's within 2 squares of server location or something
b) or see if Netfox rollback states work here
6. Make a second world scene: Going to have to make the server player be in all scenes/adjust all the spawners to grab where the local player is..

Commit message:

Add indicator of last time since server health update

TODO.md, after:

> First 5 seconds improvements <
2. Figure out why FPS so bad on mobile
b) Try to make hidpi dynamically turn on
3. Make text font bigger on mobile
a) This is actually an issue of text size on large resolutions
2. Get Chongho's kids to playtest again

> First 60 seconds improvements <
1. Record hit sounds
2. Improve item stats UI panel
3. Add special attacks
4. Make monsters drop a tier 1 sword
5. Make it so you see other players' movement animation

> Bugs <
1. Browser clients see mobs clipping. Clipping only happens when they're over the ground.
2. Bullets stop spawning sometimes
a) I suspect this is reliable UDP packet issue. Settings debug panel will help confirm.

> ok but I wanna fix it <
1. Settings panel
a) Debug tab
i) For client, time since last debug packet processed
ii) Using the server health debug channel, tell clients the sum of their backpressure in the same RPC that tells them the FPS/physics fps. You'll have to modify the broadcast to all to be broadcasting per client, but that's fine.

> Networking improvements <
1. Move away from all the multiplayer synchronizers and stuff so it stops spamming errors
2. Visibility filter updates
a) This basically will test throttling snapshots. Don't worry about case where lots of people in 1 space for now
2. Set up a TURN relay so people blocked on UDP can connect (add readme instructions)
3. Make it so when you disconnect, you get notified/kicked out of game
b) There should be a UI indication that you've disconnected
4. Make mobs send their movement ahead of time ("move here in 0.5s")
a) pre-req for making mob bullets schedule shoot in 0.5s
5. Make player bullets come from client location
a) Just do a distance check to be sure it's within 2 squares of server location or something
b) or see if Netfox rollback states work here
6. Make a second world scene: Going to have to make the server player be in all scenes/adjust all the spawners to grab where the local player is..
